chore: update truenas install guide (#18142)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/install/truenas.md

**Please report app issues to the corresponding [Github Repository](https://github.com/truenas/charts/tree/master/community/immich).**
:::

Immich can easily be installed on TrueNAS Community Edition via the **Community** train application.
Consider reviewing the TrueNAS [Apps resources](https://apps.truenas.com/getting-started/) if you have not previously configured applications on your system.

TrueNAS Community Edition makes installing and updating Immich easy, but you must use the Immich web portal and mobile app to configure accounts and access libraries.

## First Steps

The Immich app in TrueNAS Community Edition installs, completes the initial configuration, then starts the Immich web portal.
When updates become available, TrueNAS alerts and provides easy updates.

Before installing the Immich app in TrueNAS, review the [Environment Variables](#environment-variables) documentation to see if you want to configure any during installation.
You may also configure environment variables at any time after deploying the application.

### Setting up Storage Datasets

> Before beginning app installation, [create the datasets](https://www.truenas.com/docs/TrueNAS/TrueNAStutorials/storage/datasets/datasetsTrueNAS/) to use in the **Storage Configuration** section during installation.

Reviewer: This link 404s

Author: oops. that's what I get for ctrl+f Scale

> Accept the default **Memory** limit of `4096` MB or specify the number of MB of RAM. If you're using Machine Learning you should probably set this above 8000 MB.

Reviewer 2: Is this limit per container or total? 4 is too low to recommend. People won’t understand what “if you’re using machine learning” means, IMO. At least 6 is our recommended.

Author: As far as I know, this limit is total per app. How about:

```suggestion
Specify the **Memory** limit in MB of RAM. Immich recommends at least 6000 MB (6GB). If you selected **Enable Machine Learning** in **Immich Configuration**, you should probably set this above 8000 MB.
```
